what is the portion for ia3?
dll,BST,insertion,merge and quick sort..
what is dll?
it is doubly linked list. it has three parts.left link,right link and info feild.and ya it is a datastructure
what is BST?
it is a datastructure which resembles a tree it is binary search tree.
what is sorting?
arranging elements in ascending or descending order.
why do we need sorting?
to arrange the data.
what is a two way list?
list which has nodes which contain two links left and right link which help us move in either front or backward or both direction.
insertion at front end?
inorder to add at front end we need to make sure that the list is not empty for that we need to check if(first==null)then we must break it.if not we shud make a temporary . then we must initialise it to first->leftlink to temp and temp->rightlink to first and temp->leftlink to NULL that si how you enter a dll node at the begining. and then return temp.
insertion at backend or rear end?
to insert at rear end we must use a while loop and a current node.cur=first while(cur->rlink !=0){cur=cur->link;}then put the element cur->rlink=temp and temp->llink=cur; that is how you add a node to the rear.
delete at front end?
you need to initialise the first to temp and then temp=temp->rlink then print the info that was deleted using temp->info.then free the the node by using freenode(first). now initiase the left link to null. that is done by temp->llink=NULL; return temp to the main().
what is a tree ?
tree is a data structure as simple as that.
types of trees?
general tree and binary tree.
types of binary tree?
strictly bt,complete bt, almost complete bt,expression tree, binary search tree
strictly binary tree?
each root will have either 2 or 0 number of branches as simple as that.
almost complete binary tree?
at d-th level the number of nodes/branches must be less than 2 to the power of d and the nodes must start from left to right.
complete binary tree?
at d-th level number of nodes must be equal to 2 to the power of d
binary search tree?
the data is stores the leaves of the tree so that the data can be retrieved or searched while.
expression tree?
here all the leaves are operands.
name the different types of sorting tech?
quick sort , insertion sort, merge sort and many more
more info
please refer google
okay
if you say so.

